Excuse me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Stop! Put your hands up!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Don't
shoot! Don't shoot, please!
Put the bag on the ground
and step back.
Bag on the ground! Do it!
Let me see your hands.
Hands up.
On the ground.
Get on the ground now.
- I haven't done anything.
- On the ground!
Facedown. Facedown!
Don't look at me.
Do it now! Come on.
I haven't done anything. I...
Please, I...
I haven't done anything, please.
I-I...
We got him.
Threat's been neutralized.
Your bed is as hard as a rock.
No, it's firm,
which is better for your back...
And everything else.
"Everything else" was great
in my soft, comfortable bed
last night and this morning.
Jackson: You might want
to put on some clothes.
And change the subject.
Since when are you so modest?
Probably since I got here.
Dad!
Hey, Bug. Conner.
Interesting philosophy
on mattresses.
Sorry, sir. I... we didn't
realize you were here.
Last-minute trip.
Just here for a few days,
and I was hoping
somebody might have some time
- to join me for breakfast.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, sorry, Jax.
Just Hayes this time.
I'll say it again...
that's not breakfast.
What time is it?
Time of consumption
does not define breakfast
versus non-breakfast foods.
That's where you're wrong.
I issued an executive order
on my way out.
My girl in charge
of this whole place?
Omar Abbas?
He's a federal prisoner.
He was arrested by MTA police
and arraigned
by a New York City D.A.
Until homeland security
and the Pentagon swooped in
and declared him
an enemy combatant,
allowing him to be detained
without trial.
In a patently unconstitutional
stunt...
debatably unconstitutional
and definitely six years ago.
Why the sudden interest?
Because Omar Abbas is a month
into a hunger strike.
Tried to commit suicide twice.
This time he might succeed.
And because
an intelligence source
told me he might be innocent.
He was arrested with liquid Sarin
in front of
a thousand witnesses.
Does your source have evidence?
None that they can provide
without compromising
their anonymity,
which is why no one I've asked
in dhs or the Pentagon
is willing to reopen the case.
God forbid anyone think
you're soft on terror.
Lucky for Omar Abbas, you don't give
a damn about what anyone thinks.
You're talking about
taking on the military,
homeland security.
Sounds like fun, doesn't it?
My team only has five days
to work a case.
Abbas hasn't had an ounce
of food in a month.
Now he's refusing water.
He could be dead in five days.
You might be his only shot.
♪♪
*CONVICTION*
Season 01 Episode 12
"Enemy Combatant"
Precisely Synchronized by srjanapala
Omar Abbas is in a military
facility in Virginia.
It's a federal case.
No disrespect intended,
Mr. president.
Oh, none taken, Maxine.
Or should I call you Ms. Bohen?
Maxine is fine.
First, it was
as New York state case,
and if we can convince
a dod review board
to see it
as a miscarriage of justice,
then it could be again.
He was caught attempting mass
murder with a chemical weapon.
And thrown into solitary
confinement for six years
before even being charged.
Fair price
for joining al-qaeda.
Allegedly. It was all
over the news, man.
So was the part where prisoners
of war don't get jury trials.
Timothy McVeigh declared war
against the U.S. government,
launched a successful attack.
He was never deemed
an enemy combatant.
You see a difference?
Beyond McVeigh being white.
He was executed, for one.
After a trial.
Ted:
These types of disagreements
are what make America the
greatest country in the world.
All I'm asking
is that Omar Abbas
be offered the protection
of this great country's
legal system.
That's where you fine folks
come in.
His life... May depend on you.
And here I was gonna tell you
all to shut up and do your job.
More flies with honey, Bug.
And how do we make contact
with Omar?
Red cross have arranged
a video conference.
What other case documentation
do we have to work with?
This is Omar's arrest report.
This is the lab test
confirming the liquid
in the duffel bag was Sarin.
Any other piece of evidence
is deemed classified.
So we start our investigation
figuring out where to start
our investigation.
Good thing you guys
are up for a challenge.
♪♪
This call won't be confidential.
What happened
to Attorney-Client privilege?
All communication with
enemy combatants is monitored,
no matter
who they're talking to.
Omar, I'm Hayes Morrison.
I'm the head of New York's
conviction integrity unit.
I know who you are.
Did anyone explain
why I wanted to talk with you?
You think you can help me.
Yes, but first,
I'm gonna have to ask you
to start eating and drinking water.
If I do that, I'll lose what
little leverage I have left.
I can't help you if you're dead.
Ms. Morrison,
you're the fourth lawyer
who's asked me
to put my faith in them.
This place...
These men...
They have taken away all control.
Whether I live or die, it is
the only thing I have left.
I'm not giving it up.
Can you tell me what happened
that day at the train station?
I was picking up a fare.
When I opened my trunk,
I saw the duffel bag.
The guy I dropped off a minute...
Earlier forgot his bag.
I grabbed the bag, tried
to find him in the station.
The police checked
your meter and phone log.
There's no record of the fare
you say you dropped off.
I didn't put him on the meter.
Sometimes I'd offer people
a flat fee
if they agreed to pay cash.
It wasn't right...
Or legal, but...
I'm not a terrorist.
The federal government
took over the case
less than 48 hours
after your arrest.
Any idea why they thought
you're al-qaeda?
Because my name is Omar Abbas,
I have brown skin,
and I'm Muslim.
And that bag wasn't mine.
I tried to do the right thing...
And in turn, I spent the past
six years caged like an animal,
living a nightmare.
One way or another...
It ends soon.
Mr. president.
Relax, Conner.
So, it's been a while
since your girlfriend's dad
caught you talking
about sleeping with her?
If it's happened before,
I blocked it out entirely.
Well, listen, um...
Thank you for letting me hijack
your CIU.
You're welcome.
Although Hayes and I
have an understanding
that she picks her own cases.
And, of course,
the investigation could be good
for you as well as the country.
That's not why I'm okay
with the CIU
looking into Abbas' situation.
But it didn't hurt.
One thing you taught me...
always have an agenda.
'Cause everyone else
will have theirs.
So, you and Hayes
have rekindled the flame?
We have.
Which I hoped
you'd be happy about.
Mm.
I just don't see it...
Working out for you two, long-term.
She's a force of nature,
my daughter.
Sir, Hayes
is not the same woman she was
when she left Chicago
or even just a few months ago.
You never
stop being an Alpha dog.
And no relationship
can handle two alphas.
Trust me.
I know.
Anyway, thanks again.
Yes, sir.
Maxine: Obviously, Omar Abbas
was on a terrorist watch list.
I can neither confirm or deny...
your team connected him
with al-qaeda
within 48 hours of his arrest.
That's based
on classified intelligence,
- and as such, I'm not...
- I was on the job on 9/11.
If this guy is connected
to Al-qaeda,
I have no interest in exposing
your sources or getting him out.
All I want to know is,
how did you guys intercept Omar
at the train station?
How did you know
what he was there to do?
NSA picked up some chatter, so
we put the mta police on alert.
They have
electronic chemical sniffers
positioned at all major
terrorism targets in the city.
I've never heard of that.
And you still haven't.
There were several sniffers
on the light post outside.
Omar tipped the sensors
walking into the station.
What about Omar's claim
that the bag wasn't his?
Sarin can only be created
by trained chemists.
Omar Abbas was
a... a cab driver
getting a degree
in child psychology.
Which is why we're certain
he obtained the Sarin
from another source.
Any idea who?
That's what we've been trying
to find out.
Until we do,
he's staying locked up.
My son was not
a member of Al-qaeda.
My husband is a decent man.
He was studying to become
a guidance counselor
so he could help children.
He's never even met his own.
I was pregnant
when Omar was arrested.
People
who are holding your son...
"holding"
doesn't even begin to describe
what they've done to him.
He's been imprisoned, tortured.
Look at this.
They won't even let him see
the sky or hear a bird,
not even
for the few seconds it takes
to get from a building to a car.
Can you blame him
for refusing to eat?
For wanting to die?
That's why
we're trying to help him.
My son could've gotten
a much better part-time job...
Than driving a cab.
But he wanted people to know
that he's proud
to be a cab driver's son.
Is there any possibility
that someone
intentionally set Omar up?
Do you know
if he had any enemies?
Set him up?
It's hard to believe that
he made the Sarin on his own,
which means either someone gave
it to him or it was planted.
Omar was liked by everyone.
Sir, no one is liked by everyone.
What about
other students at his college?
Anybody
that was studying chemistry,
someone with a grudge against him?
What is it?
There was someone.
They didn't have a problem
with Omar.
They had a problem with me.
Sam: Omar may not have had
enemies, but his dad did.
Nasir Mohammed.
He's a hawaladar.
A what?
It's basically
a black-market western union
Arab communities use
to send money overseas.
This guy has a record
for multiple assaults.
Nasir and two of his thugs
had a financial dispute
with Omar's dad, Tariq.
Why would they target Omar
if the issue
was with Omar's father?
Tariq was supposed to be driving
the cab that day.
We're looking
for Nasir Mohammed.
Can I help you?
We need to talk to you
about your relationship
with Tariq Abbas.
I don't know anyone
by that name.
Really? 'Cause two
of your associates
were previously arrested for
threatening and harassing him.
We're not here to shut you down.
We just need to know
about your dispute with him.
It was a personal matter.
It's been resolved.
By planting Sarin in his taxi?
You're suggesting
that I was somehow involved
with what happened with his son?
Hawaladars are known for having
black-market connections.
It would be easy for you
to get liquid Sarin.
I move money. That's it.
And I had nothing to do
with Omar's arrest.
If you're looking
for terrorist connections,
you should be talking to Tariq.
His nephew Asif was radicalized.
And you know this because...
Asif used my service.
He transferred $3,000 U.S.
to Karachi,
telling me that
it was for some family friend
who had fallen on hard times.
A month later, I found out
the recipient was a Jihadist.
He violated my trust.
I could've been targeted
by homeland security.
And that was the source
of your fight with Tariq.
Yes.
Asif used his uncle's account.
His violation
was Tariq's responsibility.
And you never reported Ssif
to anyone?
In my culture, you let
family deal with their own.
Asif Khan, 19 at the time he
was allegedly using a hawaladar
to fund terrorist activities.
Can we corroborate this story?
Uh, no. Hawaladars
operate under the radar.
No paper trail.
Not for that, but Asif did
travel to Pakistan three times
in the year
leading up to Omar's arrest.
Each time, he flew
from New York to Dubai,
then took a local charter
to Pakistan.
He didn't want anyone to know
his final destination.
But looks like Omar knew.
He paid for one of Ssif's
flights on his credit card.
So much for no terrorist ties.
Where's Asif now?
It looks like he's got
an apartment in the Bronx.
You and Sam try and track him
down, get his side of the story.
Got a sec?
I'm checking in
on Omar Abbas' case.
Any particular reason?
Media found out
ciu was investigating,
so now, in addition to all the
calls I'm getting from the FEDs...
The press are all over you.
What's that saying?
No such thing as bad publicity?
This from a woman
who knows that isn't true.
You having a problem
with us looking into this?
No. I'm just wondering
why your dad brought it to you.
Because he wants
to right a wrong.
Because he loves the idea of
sticking it to the Pentagon.
You sure that's all
that's going on?
Whatever the reason now, I'm in.
Your dad came by my office
yesterday.
He doesn't think
we're gonna work out.
Something about two Alpha dogs
not being a good match.
You are taking relationship
advice from my dad?
It didn't exactly work out
between him and your mother.
We're not them.
My dad is trying to rattle you.
He does this
with any guy I'm seeing.
He didn't last time.
Maybe this time
he senses that we're serious.
Maybe.
I really want to kiss you
right now.
Too bad
the whole world is watching.
Later, then.
- Keep me posted.
- Mm-hmm.
Thanks for coming in.
How long have
you and Asif been roommates?
About a year.
When was the last time
you saw him?
Last night.
He left in a hurry,
and he took his prayer rug.
I don't think
he's coming back soon.
Any idea where he went?
No. I asked,
but he wouldn't tell me.
He seemed pretty freaked out.
I brought his journal...
In case it might help you
track him down.
What is this, Arabic?
Urdu, I'm guessing.
Can you...
- Translate?
- No, I was born in the Bronx.
Looks like a terrorist camp.
Is that Omar
with his cousin, Asif?
They were working together.
That photo was taken
a long time ago.
These men are on
the most wanted terrorist list,
and that's you
standing next to them.
- I can explain.
- Did they provide you with the Sarin?
No. Because if you're
protecting a terrorist.
I... Asif was troubled.
After 9/11, he was assaulted.
People called him a terrorist.
He was angry, frustrated.
Decided if he was gonna be
labeled that way anyway...
He stole my credit card,
used it to buy a plane ticket
to Karachi.
Well, that explains
what he's doing there.
What about  you?
I went to bring him home.
Save him.
I had to pretend
I wanted Jihad, too.
It was the only way
I could get Asif out.
That's gonna be hard to prove,
even if it's tr...
- Omar?
- Call the medic!
Omar!
Is Omar going to be okay?
I don't even know
who to ask for a status update.
Low thiamine levels probably
sent his body into shock.
He's being force-fed
through a tube now.
That's protocol.
He started the hunger strike
so he could gain some control.
Now he's lost it again.
What about his story?
Are we really buying
Omar went to Pakistan
to rescue his cousin?
Flying halfway around the world
to infiltrate a terrorist cell?
Seems well beyond
the call of duty.
You know,
when I got out of prison,
my cousin was in deep
with my old gang.
I was on parole,
so getting anywhere near them
was a violation.
I could've ended up back inside
or in serious trouble
if the gang realized
I was trying to pull him out.
So I crashed a few parties.
I managed to talk
some sense into him
before they ruined his life.
I buy Omar's story.
We need to find Asif,
see if he confirms it.
I talked to his roommate
this morning.
Still no sign of him.
I think I know
how to track him down.
Hayes.
Agent Cole sexton,
agent maeda from DHS.
You guys buy those suits
in bulk?
I'm looking for Omar's cousin,
Asif Khan.
I'm guessing the dhs
has him under surveillance,
given his flirtation
with terrorism.
CIU's investigation
on Omar Abbas is over.
Drop the case.
Why would I do that?
Because Omar was caught
red-handed with liquid Sarin.
And we corroborated
both his ties to Al-qaeda
and his plan
to attack the train station.
With whom?
A confidential informant.
Okay. So put me in contact
with this informant,
and I will corroborate
the corroboration.
Omar was put away
in accordance with the law.
I don't need to show you
any proof,
and I'm not about to
expose our source.
Shut it down.
Thank you for your support.
Hayes, the evidence
is completely against Omar.
What evidence? The evidence the
feds refuse to share with us?
They have a c.I.
With whom I need to speak.
Sexton's never going to give you access.
Doesn't matter.
Omar's connection to al-qaeda
comes through his cousin, Asif.
We find Asif,
he gives us the c.I.
Frankie: This man used his credit
card in here the other day.
You recognize him?
Sorry. Can't help you.
Might help
if you looked at the photo.
I doubt it.
I don't help cops.
I look like a cop to you, man?
No, but you act like one.
We're from D.A.'S office,
and actually, we're trying to
help someone get out of jail.
So you can put someone else in?
Only if they were involved
in a Sarin attack at the train
station six years ago.
I remember that.
So you'll help us, then.
No.
You want to order some food,
let me know.
You want to see me naked?
Already have.
Paparazzi pics from nice.
Like I don't know who you are.
Those were just topless.
I'm talking about
the ones from Italy.
Spiaggi di guvano.
You tell us something we don't already
know, I'll give you the website.
He came in twice yesterday.
He paid cash for lunch
and used the card for dinner.
That's all I got.
First, you want to make sure
you have an antivirus program
installed on your computer,
and then you go to ww...
it's all right.
I've seen those already, too.
She's cool. You're not.
Asif must be hiding out
somewhere nearby.
Why else would anyone eat here
twice in one day?
There's a crappy motel
around the corner.
The clerk said he's in room 309.
Housekeeping.
Asif: I said
I didn't want service today.
Housekeeping, sir.
We just need to take trash out.
It... it's fine.
It's fine.
Housekeeping.
Damn it.
Why you running, Asif?
We're just trying to help.
When I heard someone was asking
around about my cousin,
I got scared.
You didn't want the CIU
to uncover the truth,
that you're the terrorist,
not your cousin.
No. That's...
we're trying to find the informant
who put your cousin away.
That's me.
I'm the one
who informed on Omar.
I'm not saying anything else.
I should've never told you that!
We're not going anywhere, Asif.
We can wait.
What'll it be? Porn?
"Fast and furious 17"?
I only informed on Omar because
I didn't have any other choice.
And what's that
supposed to mean?
Please tell us the truth.
After Omar was arrested...
Some men grabbed me
off the street.
Who?
The Hawaladar's enforcers?
No.
No, they were government agents.
I'm pretty sure they were the
same ones who picked up Omar.
What did they want from you?
They were convinced that I'd
helped Omar plan the attack
even though I kept telling them
there was no plan, no attack,
that my cousin
wasn't a terrorist.
They wouldn't stop asking
the same questions...
About where Omar got the Sarin,
was it from the man
on the 911 call...
What 911 call?
They played it over and over.
There was a man saying
there was Sarin in a duffel bag
- in the trunk of a taxi cab.
- Did you recognize his voice?
No,
but they wouldn't believe me.
They said I could disappear
and no one would ever know.
They held me there for days.
They wouldn't let me sleep,
barely gave me
any food or water.
They tortured you.
I thought I was gonna die.
I had to get out of there.
I told them
what they wanted to hear.
That Omar was Al-qaeda...
And he planned to release
the Sarin in the train station.
It was the only way
they would stop.
Torture... cruel and ineffective.
My cousin saved me
when he pulled me
from that terrorist camp.
In return...
I ruined his life.
He's never even met
his daughter.
Well, this is your chance
to fix it,
but we need you
to tell your story.
No. No, I... I can't.
Asif, I took Omar's case because
my father asked me to.
He'll protect you.
And now even the media
are paying attention.
But you need to be brave.
Your cousin could die
if you're not.
Madam Chairperson, in light of
Asif Khan's appearance
here today to recant
his original testimony...
woman: Testimony
implicating Mr. Abbas
in planning a mass-casualty
attack in New York City.
A statement made under duress
after days of torture.
Man: Enhanced interrogation,
which is permissible
under the laws of this country.
Just because it's legal doesn't
make it any less inhumane.
Watch yourself, Ms. Morrison.
I will do that, ma'am.
Who is watching all of you?
Respectfully,
Omar Abbas was arrested
in New York City,
but he was never charged
or allowed to stand trial.
The people of New York
deserve the opportunity to hold
him accountable for his crimes.
Omar Abbas is rotting away in
a military facility in Virginia.
He is being kept alive
by being fed through a tube
forced up his nose
because he's given up hope.
And I don't blame him.
He's never stood trial,
he's never been charged...
as happens
with enemy combatants.
He's an American citizen,
arrested on American soil,
not that any human being
deserves to be treated this...
it is our understanding that the
detainee still has not divulged
any information about where
he acquired the chemical agent.
That assumes he's guilty,
which has never been proven.
Actually, it has,
by Asif Khan's signed affidavit.
Which he recanted.
Can your witness prove
that the Sarin found
in Omar Abbas' possession
didn't belong to him?
- No, but...
- Or that he's not lying right now
to try and exonerate his cousin?
He made a sworn statement.
Your request for Mr. Abbas'
immediate release is denied.
He'll face trial
when the justice department's
investigation is complete.
How long is that gonna take?
As long as we need it to.
The security of the country
is at stake.
The federal review board
shut us down,
- leaving us with one option.
- Which is?
Prove Omar wasn't trying to
carry out a terrorist attack,
which means finding the person
that left the duffel bag
of Sarin in the cab.
So, essentially do in two days
what the feds couldn't do
in six years?
We need to get ahold of the
911 call that Asif mentioned,
the one about the Sarin.
Whoever made that call
was either responsible
for the attack or knows who is.
I already checked with NYPD.
Call didn't go to 911 dispatch.
Well, if it didn't go through 911,
then it had to go
to the dhs tip line.
You mean that "if you see
something, say something" number
on billboards?
We're never gonna get our hands
on that recording.
I may have a way.
I can't help you, Max.
Seriously, Reese?
After my dad helped you
get assigned to the 127th
after we graduated
from the academy?
I can't help you because I
couldn't find any information
in the DHS phone logs.
Well, maybe our witness lied.
I didn't say that.
I'm gonna show you something.
You don't get to take it with
you, you can't take a picture...
I'll take a peek
and forget where I saw it.
The record for the time
you asked me about
shows no call coming in about
a terror threat or Sarin.
But a call entry around
that time was deleted.
Deleted, meaning...
The recording's missing,
along with all the details about
the number it came in from.
Whatever's on that call,
someone's making sure
you don't find it.
You really made these, Jax?
- Yes. Sure did.
- Dad, I need a minute.
Uh, uh, can it...
can it wait a minute, Bug?
We... we have company.
Have one of your brother's
shrimp toasts.
Mm. Uh! It's about Omar Abbas.
I'll be right back.
Hey, tell him how you wrangled
that committee seat
for your mother.
It all started with
shrimp toast just like this.
Hayes: The dod review board
turned down our appeal
even though their main witness
recanted his testimony.
I need to talk to your source.
A tip was called in.
That's how MTA
knew about the Sarin.
I'm sorry.
I have to stay out of this.
This is our only chance
to free Omar.
Hayes, you know,
I can't reveal my source.
Use the resources at your disposal.
What resources?
Redacted files?
Anonymous sources?
You... you'll meddle
with my personal life,
you'll take a shot
at Wallace and me,
but you won't help me with this?
Bug, settle down. We have guests.
You didn't expect me to succeed.
You  never expected me
to succeed.
That's ridiculous.
Wallace asked me why you pushed
me to take this case.
I thought he was being paranoid.
Whatever your agenda...
It's been satisfied.
CIU took the case,
now the media knows about it.
You don't care
whether Omar lives or dies.
But, hey,
as long as it's a win for you.
- You expecting company?
- No.
What is it?
It's the missing call log
from the terror tip line.
Looks like you made a friend.
This was left in the elevator?
It's the missing DHS call log.
You see this right here?
Time stamp 4:35 P.M.,
lasting 58 seconds?
This is the call
that was deleted from the log
I "didn't see" yesterday.
That must be the call
warning about the Sarin
being in Omar's cab.
We need to find out
who placed it.
I looked into the envelope
the log came in.
Made by Minoso Paper Company...
available in any office-supply
store on the East Coast.
- No fingerprints, no DNA.
- So a total bust.
Whoever left that info for you
in the elevator
didn't want it
traced back to them.
Well, luckily, they gave us
enough to figure out
where the anonymous tip
was placed from.
City directory says it's a pay
phone in the financial district.
They still have those?
In 2011, they did.
This call
came from the courtyard
at the Galloway bank
corporate headquarters.
A bank... that's perfect.
They should have plenty
of security footage.
But not archived
six years later, Bug.
Uh, we will have to
go back to Omar
and see if this new information
will help him remember
some of his old fares.
Sam, you call me "Bug" again,
I'll take your legs off.
Every other day now,
they strap me to a chair,
put a tube up my nose.
Omar, we have a lead
on whoever informed the police
about the Sarin in your cab.
The person who made the call
did it from a pay phone outside
a Galloway Bank on Broad Street.
That was six years ago.
We checked your credit-card
transactions from that day.
None of those passengers
were picked up or dropped off
near that location.
Do you remember
anyone who paid cash
that you might have dropped off
in that area?
Try and think back.
Fall 2011.
I tried to avoid
the financial district.
Traffic was so terrible,
all the protests.
Occupy wall street.
That's right.
Now, I dropped
one young man off around there.
He was, uh, white,
early 20s, short blond hair,
wore a baseball cap.
Mets, Yankees,
or something useful?
From a college, I think.
I remember him because...
because I tried
to turn him down,
but he offered five times
the meter to go downtown.
For that money, I was... I was
fine to sit in traffic.
Any chance this young man left
a duffel bag in your trunk?
Yeah, possibly.
When it's too cold,
I... I pop the trunk
and let the passengers
load and unload for themselves.
Hang in there, Omar.
We'll follow up on this.
If the feds are monitoring
Omar's communications,
they'll know we're closing in
on a suspect.
Which can't make them happy.
We need to find this college kid
before they do.
Or they'll make him disappear
before we get to talk to him,
and Omar will stay locked up.
You kept files
on the protestors?
It must've been a headache
for you and your team.
I don't know what's worse...
a snot-nosed kid calling me
a fascist
every day that you come to work
or having to sit and listen
to that drum circle all day.
Any of these kids seem capable
of doing some real damage?
Which one of those punks wasn't?
30 of them stormed the lobby
that morning.
In the afternoon,
it was quiet, though,
because they were all arrested
and cooling their heels
at the tombs.
I don't see our clean-cut
college kid anywhere.
Is there any chance
someone else was here that day,
someone that didn't fit the part?
Hmm.
Hey, wait a minute.
There was this one guy.
I caught him throwing eggs at
the employees a week earlier.
And we had to run him off,
though.
What did this guy look like?
Like him, minus 10 years.
But we haven't seen him since.
Probably gone back to get his
bachelor's degree in Macrame.
College kids, right? You
got a picture of this guy?
Uh, yeah, sure.
Ever since 9/11, we keep
all troublemakers on file.
That's him right there.
This guy got a name?
Paul Sedgewick.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Thank you, Emilio, for your help.
Yeah. It's, uh, my pleasure.
We appreciate
you coming down here, Paul.
We're reviewing
an arrest that was made
during the occupy wall street
protests a few years back.
A lot of those charges filed
against us protestors
were bogus.
Are you saying you didn't assault
a 47-year-old mother of two
with an egg?
I was aiming for her boss.
Gandhi would be proud.
You're not a big fan
of Galloway Bank, huh, Paul?
Why would I be?
They wiped out my parents'
pension, took away their home.
I had to drop out of college.
My dad came out of retirement
to pay the bills.
Then he had a heart attack
working a double shift.
He died on the factory floor.
Before you dropped out,
you were premed, right?
Yes.
And after your dad died,
you went back and majored
in chemical engineering.
So what?
That's the kind of thing
that comes in handy
when you want to make a
chemical agent, say, like Sarin.
I'm done talking to you
without a lawyer.
You can't leave.
I'm not under arrest.
What happened, Paul? Did you get
cold feet when you got to the bank?
Leave the Sarin in the taxi?
You called the authorities because you
didn't want innocent people to get hurt.
Well, someone did get hurt...
Omar Abbas.
I don't have to tell you
anything.
You don't want to leave, Paul.
We have every reason to believe
the FEDs are onto you by now.
And believe me,
you'd rather talk to us.
Just ask Omar Abbas.
Just who we're here to see.
Is that
Omar's co-conspirator?
You have done nothing
but keep my unit in the dark.
Now I have to be transparent with you?
So he is?
No.
Sedgewick planned the attack alone.
His target
was the Galloway bank,
but you all zeroed in on Omar
because he looked
like a terrorist.
Meanwhile,
the real criminal got away.
This might change that.
It's the audio recording
of the tip about the Sarin
being in Omar's cab.
We've been looking for this.
I had no idea.
Because you're
my father's source.
You knew that Omar was locked up
based on
Asif's coerced testimony.
You confided in my father
that he might be innocent,
then leaked the pay-phone number
when you knew I hit a dead end.
You've got five minutes before
we take him into custody.
Make them count.
Paul:
Pay attention. This is real.
There's a cab in lower Manhattan
with liquid Sarin in it.
It's in a duffel bag.
You're running out of time.
I think that's more than enough
for a voice match, don't you?
Absolutely.
In fact, Homeland Security
is tracing the Sarin
right back to you now,
finding the chemical components
you bought to make it.
Talk to us while you can.
The more people that know
your story, the better for you.
When I got to the bank,
I saw that it was crawling
with protestors.
And once I bailed on the attack,
I realized that other people
could get hurt.
That's why I called
about the Sarin.
I didn't mean
for somebody else to get blamed.
The review board will convene
an emergency session
tomorrow morning in Washington.
In light of recent developments,
we'd appreciate
if you backed our motion
to release Omar Abbas immediately.
Since you've
conclusively demonstrated
he's not a threat
to our nation's security...
He never was.
We'll support
your recommendation
under one condition.
That Omar's investigation
remain classified.
Like hell.
The man's rights were violated.
It's in everyone's interest
for Omar to be released
with as little fanfare
as possible.
Sounds reasonable enough.
Take the win.
Your father
is a great humanitarian.
Even done quietly,
this will make that clear.
The right people will know.
The right people?
There's an opening at the U.N.
Secretary General.
Welcome home.
You're more beautiful
than I imagined.
You did it.
Sure did.
You should've told me
about your U.N. Position.
What does it matter?
This man is free because of you.
And because you wanted a new job.
An important one.
I'll be good at it.
Why couldn't you
just be honest with me?
Why is there always
an agenda with you?
That's not just me, Bug.
That's everyone.
That's Wallace.
Okay, dad.
You have no idea
about our relationship.
I love him.
I know you do.
And he loves you, too.
But part of what he loves about
you is that you're my daughter.
You were raised
in a political family,
you have power, access,
all the things he never had.
Why would you say that?
You've always been big
on the truth.
You're wrong about him.
Okay.
But how will you ever know?
Wallace: That was amazing.
You're amazing.
Now you're exaggerating.
Hayes Morrison,
champion of the underdog.
Who else could've actually
pulled that off?
This demands a celebration.
And not just this case...
everything.
CIU, your mom's win,
my beating
the U.S. Attorney.
And us, of course.
Sorry.
What were you saying?
To us.
Precisely Synchronized by srjanapala
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org